Oh guys time for another update I know
it's been a long time but I have I had
to make five revisions to make this
update so that's why I took so long so
as you can see i replaced a login screen
if the main menu first so singapore's
not working options we have a master
volume so we're just gonna go into the
multiplayer we're gonna get a big match
going on um soon but right now I'm just
going to show you the new features in
all right the server is hosted Adrian
all right um yeah I was wondering if I
aint fuckin host just join the server so
first things first we have
physically-based shaders which is
awesome if you don't know what that is
you can go google it but it just makes
everything look awesome next we have a
new map right this is the Russian base
in the bottom left corner and then
there's American base at the top right
corner and then there's a city in the
middle there's objective that you can
capture and there is a new points system
so here's a sense pre-battle right and
then if we spun at can you spot at the
Russian Bay station oh yeah right so as
you can see because it doesn't matter
which gun you just need to be to kill me
alright so the vehicles and every this
network has been smooth quite a lot so
um it won't lag anymore and bullet
registration bullets have been redone
before it was just you know normal rigid
body bullets now it's rigid body flying
forward but also using raycast detection
so it follows physics and it registers
perfectly as you can see the name tags
are now green when it's teammate name
tags no longer clip through walls the
your teammate the Russian team has a
different player texture than the
American team so if you can just kill me
say as you can see when you die um you
show the camera of the person who died
right and it says in battle and then
fight the flow again you see that it
says not captured in the u.s. 50 vs 49
or Russia that means we have just lost a
point because I had just died we've also
added a suicide button if you click it
you're just gonna die it's for test
debug vs
like let's through the ground or
something so there's no objective in the
middle of the map that if you run into
it you will capture the objective and if
you capture the objective your team will
not lose tickets when you die so all the
other features will be shown in the
actual match so we're just gonna switch
it that now okay so let's start the game
has anyone become decent at this point
did the game start for all of you yeah
what about you Joe your sources all
right good cuz sometimes you the usually
I'm luck shaders yes are you yes yes
okay um Joe where you up I I'm just
gonna just drive this helicopter Matt if
you don't mind and we're gonna all right
so in the middle there in the middle
there's the city and then there's a
control tower you capture the control
tower your team will not lose tickets
when you die hey that's actually quite
painful I've never seen that in any
other boo i think it was in battlefield
but i'm not sure okay you're still look
up also if you don't want to walk or
drive all the way to the middle of the
map since the map is very large you can
click instead of like when you're
spawning you instead of spotting at the
basic respond at the front line and who
is shooting at me I'm just shooting
honey oh my god Oh persons all right did
why are you guys shooting each other you
realize ah ah to me why you shooting at
me Matt I need help I'm being to be won
by a helicopter and a tank yes I think
someone's shooting at you to thank you
Matt ought to hit me who hit me
alright so now the vehicle response
system will go and the vehicle will
respond oh I see Matt you're using a
tank sauce what I just wait what what
what oh my god I just flew down because
I saw Matt looks like a tank and I just
wanted to show Joe oh man this is the
epic tank battle who will win okay oh
I'm coming I'm coming wait for me wait
for me matt is just pawning with that
tank yeah so I yeah since the map is so
big you know we're gonna be pretty
scattered around the map that's why we
have like 10 people in the test or group
but since no one is online it's just us
yeah but the vehicle response square
should work so as you can see several
bugs concerning the network are present
in the match they are very fixed about
fixable bugs though so there will be
fixed very soon it's just that the
current vehicle scripts are not very
optimized to use to off for the
networking system so i might have to
rewrite the vehicle the entire vehicle
network updating scripts but it will be
done um several things have not shown in
the videos that if you run out of points
if your team riot points there will be
an end game screen that says victory or
defeat and then you can exit to your
main menu and there's a lot of things I
didn't show actually but we can sense
many people in the tester group today
had some technical difficulties they
cannot play such as Roman from red
alliance he cannot play and Adrian from
red Alliance and not play but on next
video I hope we'll get more people to
play match if you are interested to join
reddit Crusader games as any game
does we are just post a comment such you
can we need animators modelers for um
for soldier models for vehicle models
for building models enterable buildings
we need map designers and everything
sorry so if you're interested just post
a comment thanks for watching